docs: add documentation for Angular linker (#41485)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/creating-libraries.md

Use the Angular CLI and the npm package manager to build and publish your library as an npm package.

> Angular's [ng-packagr](https://github.com/ng-packagr/ng-packagr/blob/master/README.md) can publish libraries in the Ivy-native format.

Reviewer: I would drop "Angular's" here because we don't actually _own_ this tool as far as I know

> Before publishing a library to NPM, build it using the `production` configuration.

Reviewer: Minor, but `npm` is meant to always be lower-case (https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v5.0.0).

> This ensures that the generated output is either _partial-Ivy_ or View Engine code, which are the only valid formats for publishing publicly.

Reviewer: I don't know if it makes sense to mention the two different distribution formats here vs. something like

"You should always build libraries for distribution using the `production` configuration. This ensures that generated output uses the appropriate optimizations and the correct package format for npm."

> For information on converting your library from View Engine to Ivy, see [Building libraries with Ivy](guide/creating-libraries#ivy-libraries) later in this guide.

Reviewer: What do you think about more explicitly using the "Distribution format" when talking about Ivy/partial vs ViewEngine? (here and elsewhere)

cc @petebacondarwin

Reviewer 2: Yes, I like the idea of defining this term and using it consistently.

Author: @jelbourn, how can I incorporate this into the doc? Should I refer to the concept of partial-Ivy vs View Engine as "Distribution format" as in:

> For information on converting your library's distribution format from View Engine to Ivy...

<code-example language="bash">
ng build my-lib
cd dist/my-lib
npm publish
</code-example>

If you intend to publish your library to NPM, compile with _partial-Ivy_ code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.
This partial format is stable between patch versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to NPM.

Avoid compiling libraries with _full_ Ivy code if you are publishing to NPM because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so may change between patch versions.

Partial-Ivy code is not backward compatible with View Engine.
If you use the library in a View Engine application, you must compile the library into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the `tsconfig.json`.

> Ivy applications can still consume the View Engine format because the Angular compatibility compiler, or `ngcc`, can convert it to Ivy in the Angular CLI.

Reviewer: This section talks a lot about the different build types/distribution formats before the section that explains them. We probably want to have those explanations come first in the doc.

Use the Angular CLI and the npm package manager to build and publish your library as an npm package.

> With Angular version 12, [ng-packagr](https://github.com/ng-packagr/ng-packagr/blob/master/README.md) can publish libraries in the Ivy-native format.

Reviewer 2: I think you could avoid a lot of this detail at this point:

```suggestion
Before publishing a library to NPM, build it using the `production` configuration. This ensures that the generated output is either partial-Ivy or ViewEngine code, which are the only valid formats for publishing publicly.
```

<!-- Do we need this as of v12? -->
<!-- Before publishing a library to NPM, build it using the `production` configuration which uses the older compiler and runtime known as View Engine instead of Ivy. -->

> <!-- Do these commands still apply? -->

Reviewer 2: Yes. You still use `ng build my-lib` and by default (I believe) it will build the "production" configuration.

If you've never published a package in npm before, you must create a user account. Read more in [Publishing npm Packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

<!-- Do we need this this as of v12? -->
<!-- <div class="alert is-important">

For now, it is not recommended to publish Ivy libraries to NPM because Ivy generated code is not backward compatible with View Engine, so apps using View Engine will not be able to consume them. Furthermore, the internal Ivy instructions are not yet stable, which can potentially break consumers using a different Angular version from the one used to build the library.

When a published library is used in an Ivy app, the Angular CLI will automatically convert it to Ivy using a tool known as the Angular compatibility compiler (`ngcc`). Thus, publishing your libraries using the View Engine compiler ensures that they can be transparently consumed by both View Engine and Ivy apps.

> </div> -->

Reviewer 2: We can add the detail about the new partial-ivy format here... Perhaps something like:

> <div class="alert is-important">
> 
> It is not recommended to compile libraries with "full" Ivy code if they are to be published to NPM because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so may change between patch versions.
> 
> Instead libraries should be published with "partial" Ivy code, by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in tsconfig.json. This format is stable between patch versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to NPM.
> 
> Note that partial-Ivy code is not backward compatible with View Engine. If the library must be used in a View Engine application, it must be compiled into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the tsconfig.json. This format can still be consumed by Ivy applications it can be converted to Ivy by the Angular compatibility compiler (`ngcc`) in the Angular CLI.
> 
> </div>

* Learn more about how to use the tool to [embed assets in CSS](https://github.com/ng-packagr/ng-packagr/blob/master/docs/embed-assets-css.md).

> <!-- Does the following need to change? -->

Reviewer 2: No - and this is a good reason to avoid talking too much about the Angular "linker" since it can confuse matters with `npm link`

TypeScript path mappings should *not* point to the library source `.ts` files.

</div>

{@a ivy-libraries}

## Building libraries with Ivy

> There are three formats that you can use when building a library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three distribution formats that you can use when publishing a library:
```

* View Engine&mdash;deprecated legacy format, slated for removal in Angular version 13.
  Only use View Engine if you must support View Engine applications.

> * partial-Ivy&mdash;contains portable code that works across versions of Angular.

Author: Pete answered here: https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/41485#discussion_r626552426. Thanks, both of you!

  It is the recommended format to be used for all published libraries.
* full-Ivy&mdash;contains private Angular Ivy instructions, which are not guaranteed to work across versions of Angular.
  Use full-Ivy if the version used to compile the library is exactly the same as the version used to compile the consuming application.
  An example of this use case would be libraries within a mono-repo.

The default for libraries made with the Angular CLI is partial-Ivy mode.
If you are creating a new library with `ng generate library`, Angular uses Ivy by default with no further action on your part.

### Converting libraries to use Ivy

> Existing libraries, which are configured to generate the View Engine format, do not change when upgrading to Angular version 12.

Reviewer: Should this doc include content specific to this point in time (v12 being the upcoming / latest version)?

Author: How about this:

> Existing libraries, which are configured to generate the View Engine format, do not change when upgrading to later versions of Angular that use Ivy.

Reviewer 2: Well they will change in some later version, when we remove View Engine.

Author: @aikidave since this straddles our preference for not specifying future version promises but the reality of something going away, do you have a handy way you like to handle such cases?

Reviewer 3: I like your suggested wording, @kapunahelewong . Let's go with that!

If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with _partial-Ivy_ code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.

A library that uses `ViewEngine`, rather than Ivy, has a `tsconfig.prod.json` that contains the following:

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "enableIvy": false
}

</code-example>

To convert such libraries to use the partial-Ivy format, change the `tsconfig.prod.json` file by removing the `enableIvy` option and adding the `compilationMode` option.

> To use Ivy, enable partial-Ivy compilation by replacing `"enableIvy": false` with `"compilationMode": "partial"` as follows:

Reviewer: "To use Ivy, enable partial-Ivy compilation" feels a bit repetitive here

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "compilationMode": "partial"
}

</code-example>

> This partial format is stable between patch versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to npm.

Reviewer: "so is safe" seems a bit awkward here

Ivy applications can still consume the View Engine format because the Angular compatibility compiler, or `ngcc`, can convert it to Ivy.

## Ensuring library version compatibility

The Angular version used to build an application should always be the same or greater than the Angular versions used to build any of its dependent libraries.
For example, if you had a library using Angular version 12, the application that depends on that library should use Angular version 12 or later.
Angular does not support using an earlier version for the application.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

The Angular CLI uses Ivy to build applications and no longer uses `ViewEngine`.
A library or an application built with `ViewEngine` cannot consume a partial-Ivy library.

</div>

Because this process happens during the application build, it uses the same version of the Angular compiler, ensuring that the application and all of its libraries use a single version of Angular.

If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with _partial-Ivy_ code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.

> This partial format is stable between patch versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This partial format is stable between patch and minor versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to npm.
```
@petebacondarwin this should include minor, yes?

Reviewer 2: So I think we should just use 

```suggestion
This partial format is stable between different versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to npm.
```

The partial format is designed to be forward compatible as much as possible, even across major versions.
If we make a breaking change, newer versions of Angular will be able accommodate older version of partially compiled libraries.

Avoid compiling libraries with _full_ Ivy code if you are publishing to npm because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so might change between patch versions.

Partial-Ivy code is not backward compatible with View Engine.
If you use the library in a View Engine application, you must compile the library into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the `tsconfig.json`.

Ivy applications can still consume the View Engine format because the Angular compatibility compiler, or `ngcc`, can convert it to Ivy in the Angular CLI.

If you've never published a package in npm before, you must create a user account. Read more in [Publishing npm Packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

## Consuming partial-Ivy code outside the Angular CLI

> An application installs many Angular libraries from npm into its  `node_modules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application installs many Angular libraries from npm into its `node_modules` directory.
```

However, the code in these libraries cannot be bundled directly along with the built application as it is not fully compiled.
To finish compilation, you can use the Angular linker.

> To make the Angular linker easier to use with non-Angular CLI build tooling, the linker is available as a Babel plugin.

Reviewer: I would probably rewrite this sentence to avoid "non-Angular CLI" since you want to communicate "non-(Angular CLI)" rather than "(non-Angular) CLI". Something oughly like "For applications that don't use Angular CLI, ..."

TypeScript path mappings should *not* point to the library source `.ts` files.

</div>

{@a ivy-libraries}

## Building libraries with Ivy

There are three distribution formats that you can use when publishing a library:

> * View Engine _(deprecated)_ &mdash; legacy format, slated for removal in Angular version 13.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* View Engine _(deprecated)_&mdash;legacy format, slated for removal in Angular version 13.
```
To match other formatting.

>   Only use View Engine if you must support View Engine applications.

Reviewer 2: NIT: I feel there are too many View Engines :-)

```suggestion
  Only use this format if you must support View Engine applications.
```

> * partial-Ivy **(recommended)**&mdash;contains portable code that works across versions of Angular.

Reviewer 2: How about:

```suggestion
* partial-Ivy **(recommended)**&mdash; contains portable code that can be consumed by Ivy applications built with any version of Angular from v12 onwards.
```

> * full-Ivy&mdash;contains private Angular Ivy instructions, which are not guaranteed to work across versions of Angular. This format requires that all library and application code use the _exact_ same version of Angular. This format is useful for environments where all library and application code is built directly from source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* full-Ivy&mdash;contains private Angular Ivy instructions, which are not guaranteed to work across different versions of Angular. This format requires that the library and application are built with the _exact_ same version of Angular. This format is useful for environments where all library and application code is built directly from source.
```

New libraries created with Angular CLI default to partial-Ivy format.
If you are creating a new library with `ng generate library`, Angular uses Ivy by default with no further action on your part.

### Transitioning libraries to partial-Ivy format

Existing libraries, which are configured to generate the View Engine format, do not change when upgrading to later versions of Angular that use Ivy.

> If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with _partial-Ivy_ code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with partial-Ivy code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.
```

> A library that uses ViewEngine, rather than Ivy, has a `tsconfig.prod.json` file that contains the following:

Reviewer 5: There a three ViewEngine references remaining in the doc, without the space (but the backticks are gone now, so that's good :-))

Author: Oh! Thank you!!! Actually fixed now. 🙃

> A library that uses `ViewEngine`, rather than Ivy, has a `tsconfig.prod.json` file that contains the following:

Reviewer 5: I am seeing both `View Engine` in this doc and ``` `ViewEngine` ```, is this intended?

Author: Nope! Thanks for catching! Should be View Engine, rather than with the backticks and as one word. Fixed!

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "enableIvy": false
}

</code-example>

To convert such libraries to use the partial-Ivy format, change the `tsconfig.prod.json` file by removing the `enableIvy` option and adding the `compilationMode` option.

Enable partial-Ivy compilation by replacing `"enableIvy": false` with `"compilationMode": "partial"` as follows:

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "compilationMode": "partial"
}

</code-example>

For publishing to npm use the partial-Ivy format as it is stable between patch versions of Angular.

> Avoid compiling libraries with _full_ Ivy code if you are publishing to npm because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so may change between patch versions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Avoid compiling libraries with full-Ivy code if you are publishing to npm because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so may change between patch versions.
```
Change for consistency.

Partial-Ivy code is not backward compatible with View Engine.
If you use the library in a View Engine application, you must compile the library into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the `tsconfig.json` file.

Ivy applications can still consume the View Engine format because the Angular compatibility compiler, or `ngcc`, can convert it to Ivy.

## Ensuring library version compatibility

The Angular version used to build an application should always be the same or greater than the Angular versions used to build any of its dependent libraries.
For example, if you had a library using Angular version 12, the application that depends on that library should use Angular version 12 or later.
Angular does not support using an earlier version for the application.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

The Angular CLI uses Ivy to build applications and no longer uses `ViewEngine`.
A library or an application built with `ViewEngine` cannot consume a partial-Ivy library.

</div>

Because this process happens during the application build, it uses the same version of the Angular compiler, ensuring that the application and all of its libraries use a single version of Angular.

> If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with _partial-Ivy_ code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you intend to publish your library to npm, compile with partial-Ivy code by setting `"compilationMode": "partial"` in `tsconfig.prod.json`.
```

This partial format is stable between patch and minor versions of Angular, so is safe to publish to npm.

> Avoid compiling libraries with _full_ Ivy code if you are publishing to npm because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so might change between patch versions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Avoid compiling libraries with full-Ivy code if you are publishing to npm because the generated Ivy instructions are not part of Angular's public API, and so might change between patch versions.
```

Partial-Ivy code is not backward compatible with View Engine.

> If you use the library in a View Engine application, you must compile the library into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you use the library in a View Engine application, you must compile the library into the View Engine format by setting `"enableIvy": false` in the `tsconfig.json`file.
```

Ivy applications can still consume the View Engine format because the Angular compatibility compiler, or `ngcc`, can convert it to Ivy in the Angular CLI.

If you've never published a package in npm before, you must create a user account. Read more in [Publishing npm Packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

## Consuming partial-Ivy code outside the Angular CLI

An application installs many Angular libraries from npm into its `node_modules` directory.
However, the code in these libraries cannot be bundled directly along with the built application as it is not fully compiled.
To finish compilation, you can use the Angular linker.

For applications that don't use the Angular CLI, the linker is available as a Babel plugin.

> You can export the Babel plugin from `@angular/compiler-cli/linker/babel` to incorporate into your builds.

Reviewer 5: This currently says `export` which should rather be `import`, I believe. But the recommended way that is available since #41918 (which landed today) is to include the Babel plugin using its module specifier, not by programmatically importing it. So I suggest rephrasing this slightly along the lines of

```suggestion
You can use the Babel plugin using the module `@angular/compiler-cli/linker/babel` to incorporate into your builds.
```

TypeScript path mappings should *not* point to the library source `.ts` files.

</div>

## Building libraries with Angular linker

An application installs many Angular libraries from NPM into its  `node_modules`.
However, the code in these libraries cannot be bundled directly along with the built application as it is not fully compiled.
To finish compilation, you can use the Angular linker, which translates the inline metadata into final component definitions.

Because this process happens during the application build, it uses the same version of the Angular compiler, ensuring that the application and all of its libraries use a single version of Angular.

## Using the Angular linker Babel plugin

> To make the Angular linker easier to use with non-CLI build tooling, the linker is available as a Babel plugin.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To make the Angular linker easier to use with non Angular CLI build tooling, the linker is available as a Babel plugin.
```

I would emphases that by CLI here, we mean Angular CLI. CLI is generic term. 

As a matter of fact here, you do need to use another CLI which would likely be the Babel CLI to use the Angular linker Babel plugin outside of Angular CLI.

> The Angular linker Babel plugin supports build caching, meaning that libraries only need to be processed by the linker a single time, regardless of other NPM operations.

Reviewer 7: One question i'd like to see answered here is: Does the linker consume both ... ivy partial & view engine code? Or do we have to keep ngcc'ing libs that didn't move to or we can update to the ivy partial one?

Reviewer 2: @sod The linker will only process partial-ivy libraries. Any ViewEngine libraries will continue to be processed by ngcc.

Author: I added this. Thank you both!

TypeScript path mappings should *not* point to the library source `.ts` files.

</div>

## Building libraries in Angular version 12

The default for libraries made with the Angular CLI is _partial-Ivy_  mode.
If you are creating a new library with `ng generate library`, Angular uses Ivy by default with no further action on your part.

### Converting libraries to use Ivy

<!-- What does the upgrading? I'd like a subject for this first sentence so it's not in then passive voice, that is "not switched by default" -->
Existing libraries that upgrade to Angular version 12 are not switched to partial-Ivy by default.

> To convert libraries to build using Ivy, configure your `ViewEngine` library's `tsconfig.json` for partial-Ivy compilation.

Reviewer 2: Nothing is doing the upgrading. They are just left alone 😄 

Perhaps one could say:

> Existing libraries, which are configured to generate the View Engine format, do change when upgrading to Angular version 12.
>
> To convert such libraries to use generate the partial-Ivy format change the tsconfig.json file by removing the `enableIvy` option and adding the `compilationMode` option:

Reviewer 2: Also, I am not sure but I think it is actually `tsconfig.prod.json` that needs to change.

A library that uses `ViewEngine`, rather than Ivy, has a `tsconfig.json` that contains the following:

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "enableIvy": false
}

</code-example>

To use Ivy, enable partial-Ivy compilation by replacing `"enableIvy": false` with `"compilationMode": "partial"` as follows:

<code-example>

"angularCompilerOptions": {
  "compilationMode": "partial"
}

</code-example>

When building an application, if the project contains a library that was built with partial-Ivy, rather than `ngcc`, the CLI uses the Angular linker to convert the library to full-Ivy for use in your bundle.
The Angular linker only processes partial-ivy libraries.

> Angular will continue to process `ViewEngine` libraries with `ngcc`.

Reviewer 2: To be honest I think we could just drop this block of text. Most developers don't really need to know about the Linker. It is hidden away from both the library and application developers.

<!-- ## Add header for this section when focus is clearer -->

> <!-- Do we need all of the following information? Is some repetitive/better-suited for use elsewhere?-->

Reviewer 2: A heading could be:

## Library version compatibility

> Be sure to use the same or later version of Angular for an application as the version of Angular used to build any of its dependent libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Angular version used to build an application should always be the same or greater than the Angular versions used to build any of its dependent libraries.
```

For example, if you had a library using Angular version 12, the application that depends on that library should use Angular version 12 or later.
Angular does not support using an earlier version for the application.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

> Angular version 12 uses Ivy to build applications and no longer uses `ViewEngine`.

Reviewer 2: Strictly this is only a constraint of the Angular CLI. If they are building apps in a different way then they could still generate a View Engine app.

A library or an application built with `ViewEngine` cannot consume a partial-Ivy library.

</div>

Because this process happens during the application build, it uses the same version of the Angular compiler, ensuring that the application and all of its libraries use a single version of Angular.

> ## Using the Angular linker Babel plugin

Reviewer 2: How about?

## Consuming partial-Ivy code outside the Angular CLI

For example, if you had a library using Angular version 12, the application that depends on that library should use Angular version 12 or later.
Angular does not support using an earlier version for the application.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

The Angular CLI uses Ivy to build applications and no longer uses `ViewEngine`.
A library or an application built with `ViewEngine` cannot consume a partial-Ivy library.

</div>

Because this process happens during the application build, it uses the same version of the Angular compiler, ensuring that the application and all of its libraries use a single version of Angular.

## Consuming partial-Ivy code outside the Angular CLI

An application installs many Angular libraries from NPM into its  `node_modules`.
However, the code in these libraries cannot be bundled directly along with the built application as it is not fully compiled.
To finish compilation, you can use the Angular linker.
<!-- ^^How exactly? This needs steps or a link maybe -->

To make the Angular linker easier to use with non-Angular CLI build tooling, the linker is available as a Babel plugin.

> <!-- Is it true that the Babel plugin is available? If so, could we put a link? -->

Reviewer 5: Yes and no 😁 The Babel plugin is available as an export from `@angular/compiler-cli/linker/babel` and that can be integrated into e.g. a custom Webpack build by registering the linker as a plugin for [`babel-loader`](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/babel-loader/). We're planning to add a new export for easier creation of the linker plugin.

Previously, if you ran `yarn install` or `npm install` you had to re-run `ngcc`.

> The Angular linker Babel plugin supports build caching, meaning that libraries only need to be processed by the linker a single time, regardless of other NPM operations.

Reviewer 5: It's actually not the linker that does any of the caching; caching support is provided by how the Babel transform is integrated into the build pipeline. Using `babel-loader` as mentioned before this can be achieved using its `cacheDirectory` and `cacheIdentifier` options. The CLI has this configured by default, where the cache is stored somewhere inside `node_modules/.cache`.

> <!-- Does the next sentence need to be elsewhere? Does it apply in the context of the Babel plugin? -->

Reviewer 5: Since this section's header mentions "outside of the CLI", I'd say this should indeed be elsewhere.

I'm not sure what the best place for it would be, though. This guide is about creating libraries, whereas integration of the linker and how it's built into the CLI is _not_ about library creation, but rather library consumption in an application. That is relevant even when you're not creating a library yourself. Is there maybe some documentation page about _using_ libraries in applications?

Author: At first I thought we could put 

>The Angular CLI integrates the linker plugin automatically, so if you use the CLI, you can install Ivy-native libraries from NPM without any additional configuration.

in [Using Libraries](https://angular.io/guide/using-libraries), but since most people don't have to do anything, maybe we should omit it? Am I correct in thinking that many consumers of libraries won't need to ever know about the linker, @JoostK?

Author: Or maybe I should keep it here but word it something like:

> The Angular CLI integrates the linker plugin automatically, so if consumers of your library are using the CLI, they can install Ivy-native libraries from NPM without any additional configuration.

Reviewer 2: > Am I correct in thinking that many consumers of libraries won't need to ever know about the linker,

That's correct - until it goes wrong :-)

Author: Ok, how about leaving this sentence in the non-CLI section, but wrapping it in an `is-helpful` `div`. Though the overall section is specific to not using the CLI, the CLI does it automatically. So if someone were making a choice, they'd be aware of both possibilities, rather than finding out only later that the CLI has these features built-in. Does that make sense from an engineering point of view, @petebacondarwin and @JoostK?

Reviewer 2: An is-helpful block sounds right.

TypeScript path mappings should *not* point to the library source `.ts` files.

</div>

{@a ivy-libraries}

> ## Building libraries with Ivy

Reviewer: It feels like this section assumes that the reader already knows what these different formats are and how they're different. I think we need to more explicitly explain 
* What are the different options for building
* High-level explanation of how they work
* What are the practical implications of using one vs others

Reviewer 3: @jelbourn This sounds like a significant chunk of work--I think we'll need an SME to help create this content. @petebacondarwin @JoostK @alxhub Any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I think that @kapunahelewong has all the necessary information to do this work.
Equally, I don't think there should be much more than is here already. I think we probably just need a short introduction:

There are three formats that you can use when building a library:
* View Engine - this is the legacy format, which will be removed in v13. It should only be used if you must support View Engine applications.
* partial-Ivy - this format contains portable code that will work across versions of Angular. It is the recommended format to be used for all published libraries.
* full-Ivy - this format contains private Angular Ivy instructions, which are not guaranteed to work across versions of Angular. It should only be used if the version used to compile the library is exactly the same as the version used to compile the consuming application. This might be the case for libraries within a mono-repo.

---

Other than this, I don't think we should overload the developer with too much information. Ideally they wil just use the default (partial-ivy for new libraries - View Engine for upgraded libraries) and not concern themselves too much with the ins-and-outs. But if they do then all the information they need is arguably in the subsequent sections.

Author: Thank you so much for this, @petebacondarwin! I've added it to this section.
